feat: new documentation (#164)
tier4/CalibrationTools: calibrators/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator/README.md

# marker_radar_lidar_calibrator

A tutorial for this calibrator can be found [here](../docs/tutorials/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator.md)

## Purpose

The package `marker_radar_lidar_calibrator` allows extrinsic calibration between radar and 3d lidar sensors used in autonomous driving and robotics.

> Currently, the calibrator only supports the radar that includes distance and azimuth angle, but without elevation angle. For example, ARS 408 radar can be calibrated with this tool. Also, note that the 3d lidar should have a resolution that is high enough to scan several points on the radar reflector (calibration target).

Author: "supports the radar" is wrong

Author: At this point, there has bee no mention to the corner reflector. Please add a link to the corresponding section

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/e56ecbf52c8aa53f6d31529516aa4a7987a71767

Author: `supports the radars` -> `supports radars`

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/cb86959d813939afe33ba5d7ac34793da932546e

## Inner-workings / Algorithms

> The calibrator is designed to accurately predict the transformation between radar and lidar sensors. It starts by pinpointing the central points of reflectors within lidar pointclouds and radar messages, then aligns these points for precise matching. An SVD-based and a yaw-only rotation estimation algorithm are applied to these correlated points to determine the transformation. Specifically, the calibration process consists of four primary steps: constructing a background model, extracting the foreground to detect reflectors, matching and filtering lidar and radar detections, and finally executing the calibration.

Author: We do not predict.
What are the basis of saying "accurately"? It is better not to use this terms unless there are numbers to back it up

Author: In several parts, your paragraphs are just too long. Try to break them down to make them easier to read

Author: "and radar messages, then aligns these points "
The current use of the connector here seems wrong to me

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/ef622282783c63cc215288d1cd2f015f45aa840c and https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/57f8ddad3e9c5421ca59c90df572b4ba27dc74d7

Reviewer: message is changed to object in another commit https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/commit/23bce5cf65091f2dacc27565fbfbc32816facc8a, and the points are regarding the central points.

Author: I will repeat it again. We do not predict

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/4872fda383f963dd042fac4324780ef6848eb2af

### Step 1: Background model construction

> Firstly, given the challenge of reliably detecting reflectors, background models for both lidar and radar are constructed from the lidar pointcloud and radar message within a user-defined calibration area, which lacks any calibration targets (such as radar reflectors). More specifically, these background models consist of uniform binary voxel grids that denote whether each voxel represents the background.

Author: Throughout the documment, there are several mentions to radar messages. Messages is a ROS jargon (in this case). Depending on what you want to say, they are radar detections, objects, etc (i.e., not use radar messages)

Author: There is no mention in this section of why background models are related to " the challenge of reliably detecting reflectors"

Author: I am pretty sure we talked about this offline, but even if there is some overlap, some visual guides are required for this. I would recommend drawing.io / google drawings to put some top view that help the user understand how an environment is represented and what happens afterwards when people and reflectors come into play

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/23bce5cf65091f2dacc27565fbfbc32816facc8a.
The drawing is uploaded as well (it was fixed by several commits so might be easier to look at the new page)

Author: Thanks for making a new figure. While quite pretty, it does not convey the nature of the problem.
The reflector themselves should face the radar and that fact should be specified wherever applicable in the document

Reviewer: fixed in  https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/0c8965d4b948202bfb0dac9df864c970078a558d

### Step 2: Foreground extraction and reflector detection

> After the background models for the lidar and radar are established, we extract the foreground points from incoming lidar pointclouds and radar messages that do not align with the background voxels. All foreground radar points are automatically categorized as potential reflector detections. For foreground lidar points, however, the [reflector](#radar-reflector) detection process is more detailed. We first apply a clustering algorithm to identify clusters, then find the highest point in each cluster, and filter the cluster if the highest point is larger than `reflector_max_height`. Next, we average all points within a reflector_radius from the highest point to estimate the center point of the reflector.

Author: I do not think `align` is the correct word here

Author: In the same fashion as the previous section, a section like this should not be chunk of text (split it to make it more readable)

Author: `reflector_radius`?

Author: "We first apply a clustering algorithm to identify clusters" is redundant

Reviewer: separate context :https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/57f8ddad3e9c5421ca59c90df572b4ba27dc74d7

others: https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/3b945d51e7a7b096d00baef1a319fd296bd0ee83

Author: The process is not more detailed. It is either: more convoluted, more complex, or it involves more steps

Author: Filtering can go both ways (keep in or out). As such it is better to specify which one is it (in this case I assume you wanted to use filter out)

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/e013b707aa93c7e391cf72932ca9ad5ac612401c

Author: larger is not the correct adjective here (you use it to describe the highest point)

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/a2e265936b4319c4f29a951759a000daafca446a

### Step 3: Matching and filtering

> Since reflector detections cannot be differentiated directly, we rely on the initial calibration to pair each lidar detection with its closest radar detection, and vice versa. A detection pair is accepted if they are mutually the closest matches. Once a match is made, it is evaluated against existing hypotheses: if it aligns with an existing hypothesis, that hypothesis is updated; if it does not align with any, a new hypothesis is created. When a hypothesis achieves convergence, it is finalized and added to the calibration list.

Author: "Since reflector detections cannot be differentiated directly"
Is not clear.
 - in the case of multiple targets we do not have a way to distinguish between them
 - as mentioned before, we can not really distinguish between reflector and not reflector detections

Author: How to hypotheses converge? I am pretty sure we went through this before

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/a326bb73cc3a700e6908bc53e13094da0a813ef3

Author: a Kalman filter
or
Kalman filters

Author: Almost a nit but:
A detection pair is accepted if they are mutually `their` closest matches

Reviewer: fxied in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/a5bc52745c18ea1d5cee145f245de2e67972ea8a

### Step 4: Calibration

> After matching detection pairs from the sensors, we can compute the transformation between them using estimation algorithms. Currently, we support two methods: a 2d SVD-based approach and a yaw-only rotation approach. For the 2d SVD-based method, since radar detections lack a Z component, we convert the problem to 2d by setting the Z component of lidar detections to zero. We then estimate the transformation using the SVD method provided by PCL. The yaw-only rotation method, on the other hand, calculates the average yaw angle difference of all pairs and estimates the transformation, considering only rotation, between the sensors. Generally, the 2d calibration is preferred when valid; otherwise, the yaw rotation is used as the calibration output.

Author: This paragraph is very difficult to read. Split it in at least the following parts: Intro, SVD, yaw-only, selection + error measure (the error measure was not quite explain I think).

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/0ddad3fe33a18377213aa9467d9320c29313b3f5

| `matches_markers`             | `visualization_msgs::msg::MarkerArray` | Publishes matched lidar and radar detection.              |
| `tracking_markers`            | `visualization_msgs::msg::MarkerArray` | Publishes tracks of reflectors.                           |
| `text_markers`                | `visualization_msgs::msg::Marker`      | Publishes text markers that show the calibration metrics. |
| `calibration_metrics`         | `std_msgs::msg::Float32MultiArray`     | Publishes calibration metrics.                            |

### Services

| Name                       | Type                                                  | Description                                                                              |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `extrinsic_calibration`    | `tier4_calibration_msgs::` `srv::ExtrinsicCalibrator` | Generic calibration service. The call is blocked until the calibration process finishes. |

> | `extract_background_model` | `std_srvs::srv::Empty`                                | Strat to extract the background model from radar and lidar data.                         |

Author: "Strat to"?

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/3daad85342e764704a624b38d9b123fbd14c0645

> | `add_lidar_radar_pair`     | `std_srvs::srv::Empty`                                | User is able to click this button to add lidar-radar pair.                               |

Author: The use of the word "User" is not correct. Nor the description matches the style of the other services

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/2f19766f0942fb7fd3dadfdf347258448d7ae243

Author: `Add lidar-radar pair for calibration` is not correct.
Either 
add a lidar-radar pair...
or
add lidar-radar pairs...

In this case both are correct and incorrect at the same time, since the algorithm tries to add several but in practice only adds a pair (we have never tried with multiple corner reflectors)

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/55f9b0d45b29d709aab2193b6f785e7fd738f806

| `send_calibration`         | `std_srvs::srv::Empty`                                | Send the calibration result to the sensor calibration manager.                           |

## Parameters

### Core Parameters

| Name                                        | Type          | Default Value                                           | Description                                                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `radar_parallel_frame`                      | `std::string` | `base_link`                                             | The frame that the radar frame optimizes the transformation to.                                                                                   |

> | `msg_type`                                  | `std::string` | `radar tracks`/`radar scan`                             | The msg type of the input radar message. (Not available yet, currently only support radar tracks)                                                 |

Author: In the description, you should not use the jargon `msg`

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/3ab475697bdf5ec468309ae96868e8296b8aaa17 (Sorry for accidently mix it with other fix, but obvious to see the difference)

| `transformation_type`                       | `std::string` | `yaw_only_rotation_2d` `svd_2d` `svd_3d` `roll_zero_3d` | The algorithms for optimizing the transformation between radar frame and radar parallel frame. (Not available yet)                                |

> | `use_lidar_initial_crop_box_filter`         | `bool`        | `True`                                                  | Enables or disables the initial cropping filter for lidar data processing.                                                                        |

Author: This is just ptsd, but this is a c++ node. Please use `true`

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/3ab475697bdf5ec468309ae96868e8296b8aaa17

> | `lidar_initial_crop_box_min_x`              | `double`      | `-50.0`                                                 | Minimum x-coordinate for the initial lidar calibration area.                                                                                      |

Author: Units

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/fd55de1142b05d40e886ef949233d043bbe9fedd

| `radar_initial_crop_box_max_z`              | `double`      | `50.0`                                                  | Maximum z-coordinate for the initial radar calibration area.                                                                                      |
| `lidar_background_model_leaf_size`          | `double`      | `0.1`                                                   | Voxel size in meter for the lidar background model.                                                                                               |
| `radar_background_model_leaf_size`          | `double`      | `0.1`                                                   | Voxel size in meter for the radar background model.                                                                                               |
| `max_calibration_range`                     | `double`      | `50.0`                                                  | Maximum range for calibration in meters.                                                                                                          |

> | `background_model_timeout`                  | `double`      | `5.0`                                                   | The background model will terminate if it is not updated within this period, measured in seconds.                                                 |

Author: I don't think the meaning of updated conveyed here well enough. If I remember correctly, it was update=new points in the background model

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/1f6fc3365f891d5f2298cf7f1ae4a54db8ffa60a

> | `min_foreground_distance`                   | `double`      | `0.4`                                                   | Square of this value in meters is used for filtering foreground points, typically needing to be at least double the `background_model_leaf_size`. |

Author: The mention of using the squared distance makes it only more confusing.
The only reason the squared value is used in the code is because how K-nearest search returns the values.
Please describe the parameters by their semantic meaning rather than how they are used in the code. If you do not understand at a simple glance, there is no avoiding studying the code

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/5702a11535c36457480e3607e01a615e82c88bc1

| `background_extraction_timeout`             | `double`      | `15.0`                                                  | Timeout in seconds for background extraction processes.                                                                                           |

> | `ransac_threshold`                          | `double`      | `0.2`                                                   | Distance threshold for the segmentation model.                                                                                                    |

Author: Unit

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/fd55de1142b05d40e886ef949233d043bbe9fedd

| `radar_cluster_max_points`                  | `int`         | `10`                                                    | Maximum number of points allowed in a radar cluster.                                                                                              |
| `reflector_radius`                          | `double`      | `0.1`                                                   | Radius of the reflector in meters.                                                                                                                |
| `reflector_max_height`                      | `double`      | `1.2`                                                   | Maximum height of the reflector in meters.                                                                                                        |
| `max_matching_distance`                     | `double`      | `1.0`                                                   | Maximum distance threshold in meters for matching lidar and radar.                                                                                |

> | `max_initial_calibration_translation_error` | `double`      | `1.0`                                                   | Maximum allowable translation error in meters in the calibration process, if it is more than the value, a WARNING will show.                      |

Author: a warning message/log in the console
"if it is more than the value" does not sound appropriate for this kind of text

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/fcef24c022861683855eade92f7d864fd8c55d4c

| `max_initial_calibration_rotation_error`    | `double`      | `45.0`                                                  | Maximum allowable rotation error in degree in the calibration process, if it is more than the value, a WARNING will show.                         |
| `max_number_of_combination_samples`         | `int`         | `10000`                                                 | Maximum number of samples from combinations that are used for cross-validation during the calibration process.                                    |

## Requirements

### Radar reflector

> The type of reflector shown in the image below is crucial for our calibration because it has a highly predictable and consistent response to radar. The triangular shape, often composed of three metal plates arranged in a prism form, ensures that the reflector returns signals in specific, predictable ways.

Author: "consistent response to radar"

to radars
to radar waves

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/95753c3334f2611fe118daa94068f8e79ff655b8

It is recommended that the user build the radar reflector on a tripod, securing it with tape to ensure stability. Additionally, nothing should be attached above the radar reflector; it must be the highest object on the entire calibration target. Additionally, make sure the height of the radar reflector is not larger than the `reflector_max_height` parameter.

<p align="center">
    <img src="../docs/images/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator/radar_reflector.png" alt="radar_reflector" width="150">
<p align="center">

## Known issues/limitations

- While extracting the background model, ensure that the radar reflectors are not in the calibration area and that no one is moving around the calibration area.

> - While performing the calibration, the calibrator provides a button to delete any mismatched pairs (e.g., an object detected by both radar and lidar). However, some outliers may not be easily detectable by human vision, leading to imperfect results as the calibration proceeds even with these anomalies present. Future enhancements will aim to improve outlier detection, thereby refining the calibration accuracy.

Author: "human vision"

naked eye
human eye

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/c24af40bce18f2bf36b211304258cd65a7b29d43

> - We have successfully calibrated various sensors with this calibrator, including the Velodyne VLS-128 lidar sensor, Pandar-40P lidar sensor, and ARS408 radar sensor, achieving good calibration results.

Author: The wording makes it seems like we tried with a lot of sensors and only the ones in the list worked.
What we want to convey here is that while we can not guarantee results for every sensor pair, at least we have tried with the ones in the list, and they worked

Reviewer: I change to the sentence to 
https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/2ad3210bcb9fdf338cce362ae38e918c7f1d59c7

## Pro tips/recommendations

> - While performing the calibration, it is required that all the reflectors are at the same height with respect to the ground and that both radar and lidar sensors are parallel to the ground.

Author: There is no mention regarding the corner reflector orientation (I think)

Author: All reflectors at the same height, and at a height matching the radar

Reviewer: Do you mean like this https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/3f245682304bfc4bcd6c5c87dcc4bed389d9b3e6 ?

Author: Actually no.
The requirements itself is: all corner reflectors + the radar itself lie on the same plane. The lidar does not have the same limitation

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/7b7f6fc75d46ad507709e62e9ec03c6ced5782ce

# marker_radar_lidar_calibrator

A tutorial for this calibrator can be found [here](../docs/tutorials/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator.md)

## Purpose

The package `marker_radar_lidar_calibrator` allows extrinsic calibration between radar and 3d lidar sensors used in autonomous driving and robotics.

> Currently, the calibrator only supports radars that include distance and azimuth angle, but without elevation angle. For example, ARS 408 radar can be calibrated with this tool. Also, note that the 3d lidar should have a resolution that is high enough to scan several points on the [radar reflector](#radar-reflector) (calibration target).

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, the calibrator only supports radars whose detection interface includes distance and azimuth angle, but do not offer elevation angle. For example, ARS 408 radar can be calibrated with this tool. Also, note that the 3d lidar should have a resolution that is high enough to scan several points on the [radar reflector](#radar-reflector) (calibration target).
```

## Inner-workings / Algorithms

> The calibrator is designed to estimate the transformation between radar and lidar sensors. It starts by pinpointing the central points of reflectors within lidar pointclouds and radar objects, then aligns these points for precise matching. An SVD-based and a yaw-only rotation estimation algorithm are applied to these correlated points to determine the transformation.

Author: These are not `correlated` points

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/2cfbbf9a1662593f71cc17493250a38762b7a3c1

> The calibrator is designed to estimate the transformation between radar and lidar sensors. It starts by pinpointing the central points of reflectors within lidar pointclouds and radar objects, then aligns these points for precise matching. An SVD-based and a yaw-only rotation estimation algorithm are applied to these matched points to estimate the transformation.

Author: Bad use of the comma on the second sentence

Reviewer: Couldn't get this one

Author: Replace the comma by an and

Also the `central points of reflectors`  is not what I think you want to say.

Reviewer: Thanks, fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/cbd750746caef8746d49ef3976fa6421c467319e

Author: Sadly, it is sill incorrect.
The way it is written means that that the center of the reflector appears as a point in the point cloud (even more by the choice of words of pinpointing).

Reviewer: True, fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/54d81743c6127c0e78c51cbdc9c449f2cee2eefc

Author: Still wrong, but sure

> Specifically, the calibration process consists of four primary steps: constructing a background model, extracting the foreground to detect reflectors, matching and filtering lidar and radar detections, and finally executing the calibration.

Author: The calibration what. Is it a process? a system? an algorithm?

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/13f4a475f3004b1e5ae3ce1dac5bbcd65edeb56e

> Specifically, the calibration process consists of four primary steps: constructing a background model, extracting the foreground to detect reflectors, matching and filtering lidar and radar detections, and finally executing the calibration process.

Author: Calibration encompasses the whole process. The final step could be called just rigid transform estimation / optimization

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/d128d4ac9a9407c54c90a397a7e0cac05b22d379

Author: what rigid transformation...

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/aea3a6ba064f3328fc2b0e47d149d7f2491ac36f

### Step 1: Background model construction

> Firstly, given the challenge of reliably detecting reflectors, such as when radar outputs numerous objects making it difficult to identify the reflector among them, background models for both lidar and radar are constructed from the lidar pointclouds and radar objects within a user-defined calibration area, which lacks any calibration targets (such as radar reflectors). More specifically, these background models consist of uniform binary voxel grids that denote whether each voxel represents the background.

Author: https://www.quora.com/Can-l-start-the-paragraphs-of-an-essay-with-first-second-and-etc-instead-of-firstly-secondly-Some-say-I-cant-but-I-saw-essay-paragraphs-starting-with-them

Reviewer: remove firstly (first) in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/371a57b43ed237b844d7b697344cec5393519830

> Given the challenge of reliably detecting reflectors, such as when radar outputs numerous objects making it difficult to identify the reflector among them, background models for both lidar and radar are constructed from the lidar pointclouds and radar objects within a user-defined calibration area, which lacks any calibration targets (such as radar reflectors). More specifically, these background models consist of uniform binary voxel grids that denote whether each voxel represents the background.

Author: the radar
missing comma

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/1a8fcb2769b726f12f52a911a8bbd1cfc5d2dc41

### Step 2: Foreground extraction and reflector detection

> After the background models for the lidar and radar are established, we extract the foreground points from incoming lidar pointclouds and radar objects that are not in the background voxels. All foreground radar points are automatically categorized as potential reflector detections.

Author: Establish is not the right verb here

Author: The explanation of foreground points is logically incorrect.
You compare the input pointcloud with the background model, extract those that not belong to it, and call them foreground points

Author: So far, radar information have been called objects or detections. From there on they are sometimes denoted as points / pointclouds. Keep consistency with the object / detection nomenclature. If needed, define the differences between both

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/8a011a534e4a7c6cd98903379d8f95f3cd198138

> For foreground lidar points, however, the [reflector](#radar-reflector) detection process involves more steps. We first apply a clustering algorithm, then find the highest point in each cluster, and filter out the cluster if the highest point exceeds `reflector_max_height`. Next, we average all points within a `reflector_radius` from the highest point to estimate the center point of the reflector.

Author: A clustering algorithm on what

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/8a011a534e4a7c6cd98903379d8f95f3cd198138

> The images below illustrate the process of radar background model construction and radar foreground extraction that descibed in Step1 and Step2.

Author: ` extraction that descibed in Step1`

First of all, please do not commit things that do not pass basic spell checks.
Then, you are missing something after extraction.
There also should be a space in `Step1` (not only in that one tho)

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/a95f0a2790d88a777617d1274b72376eab139374

> The images below illustrate the process of radar background model construction and radar foreground extraction that is described in Step 1 and Step 2.

Author: `that is` is redundant here

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/f32be5c0e7b4172525663a79ae6eced42fedc760

> The blue 3d voxels, which shown in 2D grid in the images, denoted as the background voxel if radar objects are in the voxels during the background model construction. Once the background model is constructed, it becomes straightforward to extract the foreground points in the calibration area. For the lidar, the background model and foreground extraction process are the same as the radar process described above.

Author: Grammar...

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/a95f0a2790d88a777617d1274b72376eab139374

> The blue 3d voxels, which are shown in a 2D grid in the images, are denoted as the background voxel if radar objects are in the voxels during the background model construction. Once the background model is constructed, it becomes straightforward to extract the foreground points in the calibration area. For the lidar, the background model and foreground extraction process are the same as the radar process described above.

Author: Some errors:
are denoted as background voxelS
if any radar object fall into them

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/9e148f069c795a1cccc4dd8dc39e0c6ed8343652

Author: are there multiple grids?

Reviewer: Thanks, it is a grid. 
fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/a64af377e6ed30fa22465f3df7f6670fbb78c8aa

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="../docs/images/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator/background_construction.svg" alt="background_construction" width = 700px height = 300px ></td>
    <td><img src="../docs/images/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator/foreground_extraction.svg" alt="foreground_extraction" width = 700px height = 300px ></td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
    <td><p style="text-align: center;">Background model contruction.</p></td>
    <td><p style="text-align: center;">Foreground extraction</p></td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Step 3: Matching and filtering

> Since it is not possible to directly differentiate reflector detections, whether there are multiple targets in the calibration area or if the detections are from humans or radar reflectors, we rely on the initial calibration to pair each lidar detection with its closest radar detection, and vice versa. A detection pair is accepted if they are mutually their the closest matches. Once a match is made, it is evaluated against existing hypotheses (monitored by a Kalman filter): if it aligns with an existing hypothesis, that hypothesis is updated; if it does not align with any, a new hypothesis is created. When a hypothesis achieves convergence, it is finalized and added to the calibration list.

Author: Finalized?

Reviewer: remove it in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/f1c55604618d5210751966ad665ce733e7e18a80

> Since it is not possible to directly differentiate reflector detections, whether there are multiple targets in the calibration area or if the detections are from humans or radar reflectors, we rely on the initial calibration to pair each lidar detection with its closest radar detection, and vice versa. A detection pair is accepted if they are mutually their closest matches. Once a match is made, it is evaluated against existing hypotheses (monitored by a Kalman filter): if it aligns with an existing hypothesis, that hypothesis is updated; if it does not align with any, a new hypothesis is created. When a hypothesis achieves convergence, it is added to the calibration list.

Author: ```suggestion
Since it is not possible to directly differentiate individual reflector detections, discern the number of targets in the calibration area, nor determine if the detections correspond to humans or radar reflectors, we rely on the initial calibration to pair each lidar detection with its closest radar detection, and vice versa. A detection pair is accepted if they are mutually their closest matches. Once a match is made, it is evaluated against existing hypotheses (monitored by a Kalman filter): if it aligns with an existing hypothesis, that hypothesis is updated; if it does not align with any, a new hypothesis is created. When a hypothesis achieves convergence, it is added to the calibration list.
```

### Step 4: Calibration

> After matching detection pairs from the sensors, we can compute the transformation between them using estimation algorithms. Currently, we support two methods: a 2d SVD-based approach and a yaw-only rotation approach.

Author: `estimation algorithms` is to general. use the proper family of algorithms

Reviewer: @knzo25 
Not sure about this one, should I change to `transformation estimation algorithm`?

Author: Rigid transformation estimation or pose estimation.
Transformation is also quite different as usually means changing domains

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/fde7a1002fc6ebc1bcf0df01feecddf11e58726f

> For the 2d SVD-based method, since radar detections lack a Z component, we convert the problem to 2d by setting the Z component of lidar detections to zero. We then estimate the transformation using the SVD method provided by PCL.

Author: convert -> reduce.
You use Z in uppercase, yet 2d is not

Author: I mentioned it in person (probably) ages ago, but SVD is not really an algorithm that means transformation estimation. That needs to be explained to some degree

Reviewer: First one is fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/d353ad254b91c3fe2ec032a998162858197c52aa.

Reviewer: For the second one, isn't the "since radar detections lack a Z component, we convert the problem to 2d by setting the Z component of lidar detections to zero. We then estimate the transformation using the SVD method provided by PCL.", explaining why it is SVD-based.

Author: The thing is that SVD, like the name implies, is a decomposition algorithm. It is used to find the rotation part of solid-rigid transform, but that is not the base interpretation. One example why SVD is not a solid-rigid transformation estimator, is that the resulting matrix may have a determinant of -1.

My point is that you are using a solid-rigid transformation estimation, which uses/leverages the SVD to find the rotation component.

Reviewer: True! I add additional explanation in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/2996aeb6221f289d878605806325681d29dd729e

> The yaw-only rotation method, on the other hand, calculates the average yaw angle difference of all pairs and estimates the transformation, considering only rotation, between the sensors. Generally, the 2d calibration is preferred when valid; otherwise, the yaw rotation is used as the calibration output.

Author: `only rotation` means a 3x3 matrix with no rank restrictions. Be more specific

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/fdb76ecb4544e12da5cb2465d1968a79a6c6908a

> The yaw-only rotation method, on the other hand, calculates the average yaw angle difference of all pairs and estimates the transformation, considering only yaw rotation, between the sensors. Generally, the 2d SVD-based method is preferred when valid; otherwise, the yaw-only rotation method is used as the calibration output.

Author: extra comma

Author: `considering only yaw rotation, between the sensors`
Actually this is not true right? Is that not the parallel frame?

Reviewer: Could you point it out, otherwise it is hard to know where should I put the extra comma. 
I use Grammarly to check but there is no recommendation.

Author: Extra comma means there is an extra comma
Missing comma means there is a missing comma

In this case, the one I am referring to is "yaw rotation, between the sensors"
Remember that grammarly does not have context, nor knowledge about the topic. As such, the most you get is a grammarly correct text. Not one that expresses what you wan to to convey

Also, `yaw angle between sensors` does not really exist with no more explanation and I think this was written somewhere else (think well what do you need to uniquely define a yaw)

Reviewer: Thanks, I rewrite the whole paragraph in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/4f7a533dae98254e0ffcc87c385fe38e25d5fd4e.

Author: Why the base link makes for an appropriate radar parallel frame is not explained

Reviewer: Thanks, fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/443a4b57d1a807abdbb480e971667de2e536a0e3

Author: There are both:
`radar parallel` frame 
and
`radar parallel frame`

Author: The radar parallel does not have ...
It is designed to have ...
or
it defined as ...

Author: You make it sound like just transforming points to the radar parallel frame make the points have z=0

Reviewer: fixed them in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/944dc88e11b72c6338497ec4036dededc2ec8dde

> The yaw-only rotation method, on the other hand, calculates the average yaw angle difference of all pairs and estimates the transformation, considering only yaw rotation, between the sensors. Generally, the 2d SVD-based method is preferred when valid; otherwise, the yaw-only rotation method is used as the calibration output.

Author: The description is wrong. As it is written it probably will be interpreted as somethings different from what we do 
When you talk about angles, rotation, etc, you need to explain to which one do you refer.

Author: considering only yaw rotation, between the sensors
Actually this is not true right? Is that not the parallel frame?

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/6c8622592bf9b43d2b256f743c9ec2a12f3abfed and https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/99da6e1071c2155a3c8cc8ca67d97b270e576816

Author: Besides there being grammatical errors, the parallel frame was not explained. You need to describe the motivation, design, and potential choices. It should also be `quoted` so that the user reads as a term defined here rather than a literal meaning

Reviewer: Thanks, I rewrite the whole paragraph in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/4f7a533dae98254e0ffcc87c385fe38e25d5fd4e.

It's also important to note that in the near future, the calibrator will be updated to support radar that includes elevation angle and provides different transformation algorithms.

### Diagram

Below, you can see how the algorithm is implemented in the `marker_radar_lidar_calibrator` package.

![marker_radar_lidar_calibrator](../docs/images/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator.jpg)

## ROS Interfaces

### Input

| Name                     | Type                            | Description                                |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `input_lidar_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2` | Topic of lidar pointcloud for calibration. |
| `input_radar_msg`        | `radar_msgs::msg::RadarTracks`  | Topic of radar objects for calibration.    |

### Output

| Name                          | Type                                   | Description                                               |
| ----------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `lidar_background_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Publishes the background pointcloud from lidar.           |

Author: You are describing a noun, yet start the description with a verb.
In some cases may not sound so bad, but here `Publishes` make it quite weird

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/67263aa5b911e572a1d0d9cf1d6607b5bebd1df9

> | `lidar_background_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Background pointcloud from lidar.               |

Author: from the lidar

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/d0dd65d974528ddea78d5d525c640dff784c8797

| `lidar_foreground_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Foreground pointcloud from lidar.               |
| `lidar_colored_clusters`      | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Colored pointcloud clusters from lidar.         |
| `lidar_detection_markers`     | `visualization_msgs::msg::MarkerArray` | Lidar detections.                               |
| `radar_background_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Background pointcloud from radar.               |
| `radar_foreground_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Foreground pointcloud from radar.               |
| `radar_detection_markers`     | `visualization_msgs::msg::MarkerArray` | Radar detections.                               |
| `matches_markers`             | `visualization_msgs::msg::MarkerArray` | Matched lidar and radar detection.              |

> | `tracking_markers`            | `visualization_msgs::msg::MarkerArray` | Tracks of reflectors.                           |

Author: Reflectors' tracks

I was going to put it as an automatic suggestion, but that would probably make pre commit fail

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/311ad40a52d9fe044efbe58fe829ee2675bf9264

| `text_markers`                | `visualization_msgs::msg::Marker`      | Text markers that show the calibration metrics. |
| `calibration_metrics`         | `std_msgs::msg::Float32MultiArray`     | Calibration metrics.                            |

### Services

| Name                       | Type                                                  | Description                                                                              |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `extrinsic_calibration`    | `tier4_calibration_msgs::` `srv::ExtrinsicCalibrator` | Generic calibration service. The call is blocked until the calibration process finishes. |

> | `extract_background_model` | `std_srvs::srv::Empty`                                | Start to extract the background model from radar and lidar data.                         |

Author: This may be threading too thing, but a service implies an action.
As such, your description is correct, starting with a verb (the first service nor starting with a verb is ok in this case I think). However, you are talking about a service, so it would be correct to use: `starts`, `adds`, `deletes`, etc

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/f54e8eb4b68aab7de40354574306cfb5ae65ee27

| `add_lidar_radar_pair`     | `std_srvs::srv::Empty`                                | Add lidar-radar pairs for calibration.                                                   |
| `delete_lidar_radar_pair`  | `std_srvs::srv::Empty`                                | Delete the previous lidar-radar pair.                                                    |
| `send_calibration`         | `std_srvs::srv::Empty`                                | Send the calibration result to the sensor calibration manager.                           |

## Parameters

### Core Parameters

| Name                                        | Type          | Default Value                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `radar_parallel_frame`                      | `std::string` | `base_link`                                             | The frame that the radar frame optimizes the transformation to.                                                                                                    |

Author: the frame that the radar frame sounds redundant. Please rewrite it in a clearer way

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/2eb4dfb32432312ac5cf96ab3a87b5adac1e49fd

| `msg_type`                                  | `std::string` | `radar tracks`/`radar scan`                             | The type of the input radar objects. (Not available yet, currently only support radar tracks)                                                                      |

> | `transformation_type`                       | `std::string` | `yaw_only_rotation_2d` `svd_2d` `svd_3d` `roll_zero_3d` | The algorithms for optimizing the transformation between radar frame and radar parallel frame. (Not available yet)                                                 |

Author: It is a string, to `algorithms` is not correct

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/15afdf233595d82b2b3ad4a675d06293f7d3bdb3

Author: It is a variable from a set of multiple options. However, the parameter is one, not several of them.

Reviewer: add a new explanation in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/8e4f0de76716f68c310f88abb87b88bf8921649b

Author: The second to last period is not correct in this case, but should be fixed in your next PR anyways

| `max_calibration_range`                     | `double`      | `50.0`                                                  | Maximum range for calibration in meters.                                                                                                                           |
| `background_model_timeout`                  | `double`      | `5.0`                                                   | The background model will terminate if there are no new points in the background within this period, measured in seconds.                                          |
| `min_foreground_distance`                   | `double`      | `0.4`                                                   | Minimum distance in meters for extracting foreground points.                                                                                                       |
| `background_extraction_timeout`             | `double`      | `15.0`                                                  | Timeout in seconds for background extraction processes.                                                                                                            |

> | `ransac_threshold`                          | `double`      | `0.2`                                                   | Distance threshold for the segmentation model.                                                                                                                     |

Author: units

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/commit/aeda57e810054f6eaf48585142f85518eb3f7b9a

> | `ransac_threshold`                          | `double`      | `0.2`                                                   | Distance threshold for the segmentation model.                                                                                                                     |

Author: which segmentation model

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/537cb40cafc55542169ea57e4b34a93ecd9cff11

| `ransac_max_iterations`                     | `int`         | `100`                                                   | Maximum number of iterations for the segmentation model.                                                                                                           |

> | `lidar_cluster_max_tolerance`               | `double`      | `0.5`                                                   | Maximum cluster tolerance for extracting lidar cluster.                                                                                                            |

Author: units

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/69cf81c260d5f15c08f51f808c14ac2d8d79b30d

| `lidar_cluster_min_points`                  | `int`         | `3`                                                     | Minimum number of points required to form a valid lidar cluster.                                                                                                   |
| `lidar_cluster_max_points`                  | `int`         | `2000`                                                  | Maximum number of points allowed in a lidar cluster.                                                                                                               |

> | `radar_cluster_max_tolerance`               | `double`      | `0.5`                                                   | Maximum cluster tolerance for extracting radar cluster.                                                                                                            |

Author: units

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/commit/69cf81c260d5f15c08f51f808c14ac2d8d79b30d

| `max_matching_distance`                     | `double`      | `1.0`                                                   | Maximum distance threshold in meters for matching lidar and radar.                                                                                                 |
| `max_initial_calibration_translation_error` | `double`      | `1.0`                                                   | Maximum allowable translation error in meters in the calibration process. If this error exceeds the specified value, a warning message will appear in the console. |
| `max_initial_calibration_rotation_error`    | `double`      | `45.0`                                                  | Maximum allowable rotation error in degrees in the calibration process. If this error exceeds the specified value, a warning message will appear in the console.   |
| `max_number_of_combination_samples`         | `int`         | `10000`                                                 | Maximum number of samples from combinations that are used for cross-validation during the calibration process.                                                     |

## Requirements

### Radar reflector

> The type of reflector shown in the image below is crucial for our calibration because it has a highly predictable and consistent response to radar waves. The triangular shape, often composed of three metal plates arranged in a prism form, ensures that the reflector returns signals in specific, predictable ways.

Author: predictable is used twice in a paragraph with a lot of redundancy

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/b2814966e98b3f871e30dece595478e09e1eae89

> It is recommended that the user build the radar reflector on a tripod, securing it with tape to ensure stability. Additionally, nothing should be attached above the radar reflector; it must be the highest object on the entire calibration target. Additionally, make sure the height of the radar reflector is not larger than the `reflector_max_height` parameter.

Author: Grammar

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/a95f0a2790d88a777617d1274b72376eab139374
text changes with other commits, I check the paragraph with Grammarly.

Author: We used tape out of necessity. Usually, the reflector would be properly mounted

Reviewer: Thanks, fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/5c897fd5872f405caa685c29aac6fbc496ff3b69

> It is recommended that the user build the radar reflector on a tripod and ensure it remains stable and secure. Additionally, nothing should be attached above the radar reflector; it must be the highest object on the entire calibration target. Furthermore, make sure the height of the radar reflector does not exceed the `reflector_max_height` parameter.

Author: The use does not `build` the corner reflector

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/4da5b99af87656bb0f5002e517ddae0ce3f5bc21

<p align="center">
    <img src="../docs/images/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator/radar_reflector.png" alt="radar_reflector" width="150">
<p align="center">

## Known issues/limitations

> - While extracting the background model, ensure that the radar reflectors are not in the calibration area and that no one is moving around the calibration area.

Author: You already used the word `calibration area`

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/000c2cdae2b0143750db12ed6f152c4809d1f5a7

Author: That was not really the point, but sure.

> - While extracting the background model, ensure that the radar reflectors are not in the calibration area and that no one is moving around in the area.

Author: that no reflector, person, or moving object are present in the calibration area

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/b45b9ad337a7b4958183978f0d2d42da7345b000

> - While performing the calibration, the calibrator provides a button to delete any mismatched pairs (e.g., an object detected by both radar and lidar). However, some outliers may not be easily detectable by human eyes, leading to imperfect results as the calibration proceeds even with these anomalies present. Future enhancements will aim to improve outlier detection, thereby refining the calibration accuracy.

Author: While calibrating
Try not to use calibration, calibrating, or calibrator so close together

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/8c400b599b24306be607def7c05ddddc92bf185a

Author: You did not fix it
`While calibrating, the calibrator`

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/5e37f95fcecad49abbedb3a806105d92ba31dd82

> - The calibrator provides a button to delete any mismatched pairs (e.g., an object detected by both radar and lidar). However, some outliers may not be easily detectable by human eyes, leading to imperfect results as the calibration proceeds even with these anomalies present. Future enhancements will aim to improve outlier detection, thereby refining the calibration accuracy.

Author: imperfect is not a good choice of words here

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/b0ce8fc83b96031db48a7e7973f7df8d18020469

- The calibrator should be able to handle different lidar and radar sensors. So far, We calibrated the Velodyne VLS-128 lidar sensor, Pandar-40P lidar sensor, and ARS408 radar sensor with good calibration results.

## Pro tips/recommendations

- During calibration, all radar reflectors and the radar itself must lie on the same plane. This requirement does not apply to the lidar.

> - Position the reflectors at various distances, and ensure the center of each radar reflector always faces the radar sensor.

Author: Similar comment before. Various distances is not enough

Reviewer: Is this the same line as before?
fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/commit/2d5b949782c0793423b89ffb3fa0ca28e61b5296

> - The calibration area is recommended to setup like the image below.

Author: Please re write this one

Reviewer: rewrited in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/087fa2970d143a29cfacb28cf0b7d25b268a412d

Author: You mention different angles and at the same that the must be facing the radar.
I know what you mean, but the way you wrote is contradictory.

Rewritten*

Reviewer: Thanks, fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/b432423e6103a705f501b240359ddf41c905ddce

Author: The new phrasing is also not correct.
If you say at different distances, the use could very well place several corner reflectors in a straight line
The previous text mentioning the angle was wrong since you did not explain which angle were you referring to
A better way to do it would be mentioning different positions within the radar+lidar common FOV, trying to cover as much of it

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/2d5b949782c0793423b89ffb3fa0ca28e61b5296

# marker_radar_lidar_calibrator

A tutorial for this calibrator can be found [here](../docs/tutorials/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator.md)

## Purpose

The package `marker_radar_lidar_calibrator` allows extrinsic calibration between radar and 3d lidar sensors used in autonomous driving and robotics.

> Currently, the calibrator only supports radars whose detection interface includes distance and azimuth angle, but do not offer elevation angle. For example, ARS 408 radar can be calibrated with this tool. Also, note that the 3d lidar should have a resolution that is high enough to scan several points on the [radar reflector](#radar-reflector) (calibration target).

Author: the ARS408 radar
or
ARS408 radars

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/11487a6f94821fed4a42cecb240111303f8ececc

## Inner-workings / Algorithms

The calibrator is designed to estimate the transformation between radar and lidar sensors. It starts by estimating the center points of reflectors within lidar pointclouds and radar objects and then aligns these points for precise matching. An SVD-based and a yaw-only rotation estimation algorithm are applied to these matched points to estimate the rigid transformation between sensors.

> Specifically, the calibration process consists of four primary steps: constructing a background model, extracting the foreground to detect reflectors, matching and filtering lidar and radar detections, and finally estimating rigid transformation between radar and lidar sensors.

Author: missing  `the`

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/d3963ac2951442d27d3e9a95529579239fa403db

### Step 1: Background model construction

Given the challenge of reliably detecting reflectors, such as when the radar outputs numerous objects, making it difficult to identify the reflector among them, background models for both lidar and radar are constructed from the lidar pointclouds and radar objects within a user-defined calibration area, which lacks any calibration targets (such as radar reflectors). More specifically, these background models consist of uniform binary voxel grids that denote whether each voxel represents the background.

### Step 2: Foreground extraction and reflector detection

> After the background models for the lidar and radar are constructed, we compare the incoming lidar pointcloud and radar objects with the background model, extract those that do not belong to background voxels, and call them foreground lidar points and foreground radar objects. Additionally, we apply ground segmentation to filter out some foreground lidar points and foreground radar objects caused by changes in the vehicle's pitch, as these ground points and objects may not be included in the background model.

Author: ```suggestion
After the background models for the lidar and radar are constructed, we compare the incoming lidar pointcloud and radar objects with their respective background models, extract those that do not belong to background voxels, and call them foreground lidar points and foreground radar objects respectively. Additionally, we apply ground segmentation to filter out some foreground lidar points and foreground radar objects caused by changes in the vehicle's pitch, as these ground points and objects may not be included in the background model.
```

    <td><p style="text-align: center;">Foreground extraction</p></td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Step 3: Matching and filtering

Since it is not possible to directly differentiate individual reflector detections, discern the number of targets in the calibration area, nor determine if the detections correspond to humans or radar reflectors, we rely on the initial calibration to pair each lidar detection with its closest radar detection, and vice versa. A detection pair is accepted if they are mutually their closest matches. Once a match is made, it is evaluated against existing hypotheses (monitored by a Kalman filter): if it aligns with an existing hypothesis, that hypothesis is updated; if it does not align with any, a new hypothesis is created. When a hypothesis achieves convergence, it is added to the calibration list.

### Step 4: Rigid transformation estimation

After matching detection pairs, we apply rigid transformation estimation algorithms to those pairs to estimate the transformation between the radar and lidar sensors. We currently support two algorithms: a 2d SVD-based method and a yaw-only rotation method.

> For the 2d SVD-based method, we reduce the problem to 2d transformation estimation since radar detections lack a z component. However, because lidar detections are in the lidar frame and likely involve a 3d transformation to the radar frame, we transform the lidar detections to a `radar parallel` frame and then set the z component to zero. The `radar parallel` frame has only a 2d transformation (x, y, yaw) relative to the radar frame. In autonomous vehicles, radars are mounted to minimize pitch and roll angles, maximizing their performance and ensuring accurate distance measurements. This means the radar sensors are aligned as parallel as possible to the ground plane, making the `base_link` a suitable choice for the `radar parallel` frame.

Author: ```suggestion
For the 2d SVD-based method, we reduce the problem to 2d transformation estimation since radar detections lack a z component. However, because lidar detections are in the lidar frame and likely involve a 3d transformation to the radar frame, we transform the lidar detections to a `radar parallel` frame and then set the z component to zero. The `radar parallel` frame has only a 2d transformation (x, y, yaw) relative to the radar frame. In autonomous vehicles, radars are mounted in a way designed to minimize pitch and roll angles, maximizing their performance and ensuring accurate distance measurements. This means the radar sensors are aligned as parallel as possible to the ground plane, making the `base_link` a suitable choice for the `radar parallel` frame.
```

The yaw-only rotation method, on the other hand, utilizes the initial radar-to-lidar transformation to calculate lidar detections in the radar frame. We then calculate the average yaw angle difference of all pairs, considering only yaw rotation between the lidar and radar detections in the radar frame, to estimate a yaw-only rotation transformation in the radar frame. Finally, we estimate the transformation between the lidar and radar by multiplying the yaw-only rotation transformation with the initial radar-to-lidar transformation.

Generally, the 2d SVD-based method is preferred when valid; otherwise, the yaw-only rotation method is used as the calibration output.

### Diagram

Below, you can see how the algorithm is implemented in the `marker_radar_lidar_calibrator` package.

![marker_radar_lidar_calibrator](../docs/images/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator.jpg)

## ROS Interfaces

### Input

| Name                     | Type                            | Description                                |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |

> | `input_lidar_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2` | Topic of lidar pointcloud for calibration. |

Author: Either:
Lidar pointcloud topic used for calibration
or
The topic of the lidar pointcloud used for calibration

Apply wherever else this applies as well

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/8bcbc45dc912d2acd78722ab81b07e7fdc22786c

### Output

| Name                          | Type                                   | Description                                     |
| ----------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `lidar_background_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Background pointcloud from the lidar.           |
| `lidar_foreground_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Foreground pointcloud from the lidar.           |
| `lidar_colored_clusters`      | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Colored pointcloud clusters from the lidar.     |
| `lidar_detection_markers`     | `visualization_msgs::msg::MarkerArray` | Lidar detections.                               |
| `radar_background_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Background pointcloud from the radar.           |
| `radar_foreground_pointcloud` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`        | Foreground pointcloud from the radar.           |
| `radar_detection_markers`     | `visualization_msgs::msg::MarkerArray` | Radar detections.                               |

> | `matches_markers`             | `visualization_msgs::msg::MarkerArray` | Matched lidar and radar detection.              |

Author: detections

I would add it as a suggestion, but it may destroy the layout

Reviewer: Thanks, fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/f3d6bda2eb408d1553e3fb45cb77c35544437e22

## Parameters

### Core Parameters

| Name                                        | Type          | Default Value                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `radar_parallel_frame`                      | `std::string` | `base_link`                                             | The reference frame to which the radar optimizes its transformation.                                                                                               |
| `msg_type`                                  | `std::string` | `radar tracks`/`radar scan`                             | The type of the input radar objects. (Not available yet, currently only support radar tracks.)                                                                     |

> | `transformation_type`                       | `std::string` | `yaw_only_rotation_2d`/`svd_2d`/`svd_3d`/`roll_zero_3d` | Specifies the algorithm used to optimize the transformation between the radar frame and the radar parallel frame. (Not available yet.)                             |

Author: See how this looks on the rendered markdown.
Split the list so that they do not consume the whole width of the page, this has already been done in other parts of the documentation if you do not know how to do it

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/b38fc0c3241ca0e1502dd4555196f63df4e6d7fd

It is recommended that the user mount the radar reflector on a tripod and ensure it remains stable and secure. Additionally, nothing should be attached above the radar reflector; it must be the highest object on the entire calibration target. Furthermore, make sure the height of the radar reflector does not exceed the `reflector_max_height` parameter.

<p align="center">
    <img src="../docs/images/marker_radar_lidar_calibrator/radar_reflector.png" alt="radar_reflector" width="150">
<p align="center">

## Known issues/limitations

- While extracting the background model, ensure that no reflector, person, or moving object is present in the calibration area.

- The calibrator provides a button to delete any mismatched pairs (e.g., an object detected by both radar and lidar). However, some outliers may not be easily detectable by human eyes, leading to inaccurate results as the calibration proceeds even with these anomalies present. Future enhancements will aim to improve outlier detection, thereby refining the calibration accuracy.

> - The calibrator should be able to handle different lidar and radar sensors. So far, We calibrated the Velodyne VLS-128 lidar sensor, Pandar-40P lidar sensor, and ARS408 radar sensor with good calibration results.

Author: As in the rviz comment from before, Velodyne is a proper name.
You have used ARS408 and ARS 408. Please choose one

Reviewer: fixed in https://github.com/tier4/CalibrationTools/pull/164/commits/0127eba43abf24457c6b2e26fbc26b6fad098938
